Attendes: Marwa, Stella, Gio, Selina, Tinu

Notes from TA meeting @ 10:00 AM:

1. Q: Complexity of project, how to make it more complex
   - TA: not a huge drop in grade based on complexity, not a strict criteria (complexity could change later)
   - TA: final grade is most important part
2. Q: different types of spaced repetition algorithm, we want to do LFSR. does that boost complexity
   - TA: having that algorithm alone, seems enough to be medium complexity?
   - TA: the assigned complexity level might change later on, depending on implementation details
3. Q: building a home server private cloud thing that's hosted on our own.
   - TA: sounds good?
   - TA: is there any direct stakeholder (no)
   - TA: is it self deployed (yes)
4. Q: should we do transformer translation for complexity, or is LFSR algorithm enough for more compelxity
   - TA: if you're going the self hosted route, it's better if you can rely more on using self hosted stuff? so your own api instead of a 3rd party paid one??
   - TA: the more things you can self host, the better. what apis are you using
     - dictionary, TTS/STT, translation, etc (mostly google)
   - TA: see if most/all of them^ can be self hosted
5. Q: what we need for the 21st
   - TA: need to show some code is working. need to show what it should/will look like later. what the app looks like right now. show part of the algorithm
6. Q: is it just a video we need prepared for the 21st
   - TA: yeah just the video (submitted by the 20th)

Meeting Notes (from right after TA meeting):

- discussed the feasibility of self hosting services: examples/translation/tts/sst/image vs using external apis
  - will do more research and self host if possible
- backend will be monolithic (one big thing and not microservice)
- Gio: will focus on algo instead of figma for poc
- started sprint 5
- next meeting thur 13 @ 5:30
