Attendees: Giovanna, Stella, Marwa, Selina, Tinu

Notes
- Tinu: Made skeletal CRUD functionality including cards.py, card_service.py and unit and integration tests. Attempted to debug physical server, potential hardware mismatch issue,will work on this weekend to fix will also review Stella’s Card PR by EOW.
- Marwa: Fixed some build issues, and started adding additional fsrs tests. Still not ready to make a pr, but aims to have it by end of weekend.
- Gio: Finished the help page and home page designs, will work on user settings next
- Stella: Added to cards CRUD: parts related to external and internal APIs, related tests (individual + combined), tests that minio works with images and tts; made romanization non-required, ZZZ, will work on create user next
- Selina: updated/merged Gio’s PRs, will work on integrating google OAuth APIs first
  - Issue with sending create deck request… says decks table doesn’t exist in db 🤷‍♀️

TODO:
- Questions to ask, stuff to talk about with prof?
  - Spaced repetition algo + optimizer
  - Questions
    - For the final video, is it fine if we did something similar to our poc video, where we showed a Figma walkthrough, but this time we instead use react native expo to make the walkthrough? 
      - Do we have to show real code in the video? 	
      - Any more details on what you expect to be in the video?
    - What to include on the poster? I took a look at the examples and it seems like we can the problem, stakeholders, objective, solution, visuals, features, high level workflow, and team. Would it be fine to include some reasonable combination of those elements?
    - On the pdf outlining our final submission worth 30%, it says to include the “Final version of SRS, Project Plan, Design Doc and V&V document, demo video, poster file”. Does this mean we can make edits to those documents to create the final version or is it just whatever we had submitted previously?
    - It seems like the reflection asks us to focus on the ML component if there is one. Do we have to focus on our algorithm or is it fine to talk more about the pain point we are solving for users?
    - Is it ok if we aren’t hitting the target performance metrics we mentioned in the V&V? 
      - Takes ~1min to run the optimizer on minimum reviews (512)
    - From V&V: We expect the FSRS algorithm to process the review of a single card in under 10ms. We expect 10,000 cards to be rescheduled in under 3s

- Review video and poster requirements and ask clarifying questions if needed
- Prof meeting @ March 6 Fri, 10:45-11 AM
- TA meeting @ March 19 Thu, 10-10:30 AM
- Next meeting @ March 12 Thu, 1:00-2:00 PM
