Attendees: Giovanna, Stella, Marwa, Selina, Tinu

Our Questions for prof:
- For the final video, is it fine if we did something similar to our poc video, where we showed a Figma walkthrough, but this time we instead use react native expo to make the walkthrough? 
  - Do we have to show real code in the video? 	
  - Any more details on what you expect to be in the video?
  - A: Flow chart, description of algorithm, no need to show actual code, include sentence about self hosted on server
  - A: make it more about the app, less code. Demo the app. Frontend work through of app works. Show Flowcharts, brief description of algo works.
- Q: plan is to self host, should we mention this in the demo?
  - A: it’s good to be mentioned
  - A: TA needs to be able to run this 
- What to include on the poster? I took a look at the examples and it seems like we can the problem, stakeholders, objective, solution, visuals, features, high level workflow, and team. Would it be fine to include some reasonable combination of those elements? 
  - A: Yes, poster is not graded (huzzah), It is a pass/fail . Only requirement is the size. No template, be creative. Add smth about the algorithm, he expects to see a lot of pictures/ graphics
- On the pdf outlining our final submission worth 30%, it says to include the “Final version of SRS, Project Plan, Design Doc and V&V document, demo video, poster file”. Does this mean we can make edits to those documents to create the final version or is it just whatever we had submitted previously?
  - A: If you edited them, then most recent/updated one should be in the github, TA might look at them.
  - Note: we didnt get 100% on the SRS, maybe we’ll need to update. And maybe we’ll need to update the V&V if our performance metrics change
- It seems like the reflection asks us to focus on the ML component if there is one. Do we have to focus on our algorithm or is it fine to talk more about the pain point we are solving for users?
  - A: whatever you think is the most complicated or proud of?, basically up to us or talk about both
  - A: talk about the thing you’re most interested in, can talk about multiple things. Backend is usually harder to understand? Show? So this is a chance where you can talk about that, but doesn't have to focus only on ML
- Is it ok if we aren’t hitting the target performance metrics we mentioned in the V&V? 
  - Takes ~1min to run the optimizer on minimum reviews (512)
  - From V&V: We expect the FSRS algorithm to process the review of a single card in under 10ms. We expect 10,000 cards to be rescheduled in under 3s
  - A: yes, can adjust V&V - add a comment and give explanation. you can also update V&V with more realistic metrics
    - Mention why we weren’t able to hit those metrics (justify)

Prof Questions for us:
- Q: tell me where you guys are at right now
  - A: Gio goes over frontend in expo, talks about card object, algorithm
- Q: Last time we talked, you had one language. How many do you have now
  - A: Five
- Q: Asked about how the FSRS algorithm is connected to a user looking at a card
  - A: Gio gave W explanation, prof was confused :(
- Q: Emphasized that he’d like to see pre-built decks 
  - A: so the user can start learning immediately
- Q: Only makes sense if we have many cards? Because the optimizer isnt helpful if you only have 10 cards
  - No, because a card A can be scheduled several times before card B if you’re still learning it 
- Q: Asked more about the scheduler and optimizer

TODO:
- Talk about pre-made deck and card reviews
- TA meeting @ March 19 Thu, 10-10:30 AM
- Next meeting @ March 12 Thu, 1:00-2:00 PM
