# Sprint 13 Check-in

Attendees: Giovanna, Stella, Marwa, Selina, Tinu

Updates

- Marwa: working on creating the sample decks for test users  
  - Have csv’s for the decks (chinese, korean, french, will also add japanese deck)  
  - Todo: check DVV for any differences   
- Gio: installed docker, will finish rest of setup, will meet with Selina for setting up emulator  
- Stella: working on coverage, tests, updating stuff for DVV, database injection tests todo  
- Selina: no particular update will finish integration by Mon 23rd  
- Tinu: Continuing to work on having the server databases persist will finish by Mon 23rd

Notes

- Talk about walkthrough for final video  
- Work on final video script and plan video structure

TODO

- Teams post for prof questions  
- Aim to have frontend minimally working for demo video purposes by Mon 23rd  
- Poster due 26th  
  - Draft due 23rd  
- Video due 26th  
  - Script due 23rd  
  - Recordings due 24th  
- Next Meeting @ 23rd Monday 12-1pm

# TA Meeting

Attendees: Giovanna, Stella, Marwa, Selina, Tinu

Our Questions for the TA

- How different does video have to be with PoC 1?  
  - Pretty similar, basically same video, but maybe you have more features to show  
    - Will go on the expo page  
- Do we need to talk about the technology/tech stack in the Final Demo Video?  
  - Check rubric/instructions?  
- Do we show code or the database at all (frontend and backend integration)  
  - Shouldnt rly need to. Go through last yrs vids (base them off those)  
    - Dont have to show code unless its rly important   
- Is it fine to just include P0/P1 requirements for our final submission?  
  - P2/P3 are reach ones anyways, so we calm 🔥  
- If we make changes to the final docs, do we have to give an explanation?  
  - I didnt catch this tbh  
  - Yea same  
  - He didnt rly know  
- Should final DVV only include what we implemented?  
  - He doesnt rly know lol would have to ask the prof  
- Does our database need to protect against injection attacks?  
  - He thinks so, we should probably do that. Whatever is standard practice  
- Does test coverage matter?  
  - Yeah? Yeahh . useful good to have. Idk if he knows tbh   
- Do we need to document our codebase? Are you guys gonna be running stuff  
  - Yeah, he will be running stuff. ReadME should include layout, and how to run things.  
  - What we have rn is prob fine tbh, can just make sure commands/details are accurate before submitting  
- Does it matter how well we comment our code  
  - Basically no? As long as its understandable, should be at least some comments. It doesnt sound like hes gonna be nitpicky about this  
  - Depends on people’s coding styles so seems like it’s not a strict criteria  
- **Make sure to have a good explanation for FSRS for expo**  
- How does the expo work?  
  - Its just a poster. We have a table, and ppl can walk up and ask us about our project. TAs/Prof will come around to everybody at some point. Should be fun

TODO

- Aim to have frontend minimally working for demo video purposes by Mon 23rd  
- Poster due 26th  
  - Draft due 23rd  
- Video due 26th  
  - Script due 23rd  
  - Recordings due 24th  
- Next Meeting @ Thur March 19, 12-1 pm  
  - Talk about walkthrough for final video